You're so dumb you think socialism means partying!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb you think Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch "60 Minutes"!
You're so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone bill.
You're so dumb you got blonde roots in your eyeballs.
You're so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away all the W's.
You're so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
You're so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
You're so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're so ugly, if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you for mooning!
You're so ugly if you joined an ugly contest, they'd say "Sorry, no professionals!"
You're so ugly your face is closed on weekends!
You're so ugly you could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to walk backwards!
You're so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your mother!
You're so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said "Twins!"
You're so ugly they know what time you were born, because your face stopped the clock!
You're face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
You're so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
You're so ugly, your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the dog to play with you.
You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
You're so fat if you weighed five more pounds, you could get group insurance!
You're so fat you get clothes in three sizes: extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
You're so fat if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take his word for it!
You're so fat, that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people you are backing up.
You're so fat, that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.
'Scuse me, I can't seem to find my dick. Mind if I look in your mother's mouth?
Your wife said she liked seafood. So I gave her crabs.
Are those your tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave you their heads?
Is that an accent, or is your mouth just full of sperm?
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
The difference between your mama and a rooster? The rooster says cock-a-doodle doo, your mama says any-cock'll do.
I would have been your dad, but the guy in front of me had exact change.
You're so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
I'm looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've had many cases of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already without your working so hard to give us another?
The thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that many people are to blame for producing you.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I hear that when you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You were born because your mother didn't believe in abortion; now she believes in infanticide.
No one should be punished for accident of birth but you look too much like a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You were the answer to a prayer. Your parents prayed that the world would be made to suffer and here you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure. You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
You have nothing to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I don't consider you a vulture. I consider you something a vulture would eat.
I think you should live for the moment. But after that I doubt I'll think so.
Man alive! But I wish you weren't.
I believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you WERE dead.
I admire your because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a thief and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.
